fix(docs): validate and fix JavaScript examples in low_level.md (#5592)
langchain-ai/langgraph: docs/docs/concepts/low_level.md

You compile your graph by just calling the `.compile()` method:

```typescript

> const graph = graph_builder.compile(...);

Reviewer: I think it's better to have an all encompassing example (especially where. If you think it's better to have it more pointed we could do something like:
```ts
...(existing code)
  .addEdge("node2", END)
  // comment explaining what .compile is doing
  .compile();
```

:::

> :::js

Reviewer: We don't have this documented well (and I could have communicated this better to you), but we're actually deprecating `Annotation` in favor of a zod based state API. We've tried our best to bake that into the system prompt for the translation tool. You can glean some more examples of what that looks like in [this commit](https://github.com/langchain-ai/langgraph/pull/5552/commits/11077affd61c7e2d17b24fbf7fdf9afc2e52394b) and in the [translation script](https://github.com/langchain-ai/langgraph/pull/5479/files#diff-65f24404a02ee6a3a2bc44a65177f434cf5b629955ffc948b3e43cca372fbebe).

:::

:::js

> The main documented way to specify the schema of a graph is by using Zod schemas. However, we also support [using TypeScript interfaces](../how-tos/graph-api.ipynb#use-typescript-interfaces-for-graph-state) as your graph state to add **default values** and additional data validation.

Reviewer: script is def hallucinating here

:::

:::js

> 1. The nodes receive the full state object (containing all channels) regardless of the input/output schema filters. The input/output schemas in JavaScript only affect what fields are accepted as input and what fields are returned in the output, but internally all nodes work with the complete state.

Reviewer: I don't believe this is true

> 2. **Important architectural difference**: Unlike Python, JavaScript requires ALL state channels to be pre-declared in the main State definition using Annotation.Root. You cannot dynamically add new state channels. The concept of "PrivateState" in JavaScript is implemented by including all channels (including "private" ones like `bar`) in the main State definition. The input/output schemas then act as filters to control what's exposed at the graph boundaries.

Reviewer: Some important pretext is that you'll only be able to see either python or js content at one time (there will be a global context switcher to determine which is shown based on user preference). I'd avoid making callouts to python since conceptually they should exist in a vacuum from each other.

:::js
```typescript
import { Annotation } from "@langchain/langgraph";

const State = Annotation.Root({
  foo: Annotation<number>({
    reducer: (x, y) => y ?? x,  // Default reducer: replace if new value provided
    default: () => 0,
  }),
  bar: Annotation<string[]>({
    reducer: (x, y) => y ?? x,  // Default reducer: replace if new value provided
    default: () => [],
  }),
});
```

> In this example, we use the default reducer pattern `(x, y) => y ?? x` which replaces the old value with the new value if provided. Let's assume the input to the graph is `{ foo: 1, bar: ["hi"] }`. Let's then assume the first `Node` returns `{ foo: 2 }`. This is treated as an update to the state. Notice that the `Node` does not need to return the whole `State` schema - just an update. After applying this update, the `State` would then be `{ foo: 2, bar: ["hi"] }`. If the second node returns `{ bar: ["bye"] }` then the `State` would then be `{ foo: 2, bar: ["bye"] }`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, no reducer function is supplied which means the old value will be replaced with the new value when a state update is made. Let's assume the input to the graph is `{ foo: 1, bar: ["hi"] }`. Let's then assume the first `Node` returns `{ foo: 2 }`. This is treated as an update to the state. Notice that the `Node` does not need to return the whole `State` schema - just an update. After applying this update, the `State` would then be `{ foo: 2, bar: ["hi"] }`. If the second node returns `{ bar: ["bye"] }` then the `State` would then be `{ foo: 2, bar: ["bye"] }`
```

If you **always** want to go from node A to node B, you can use the `addEdge` method directly.

```typescript
import { StateGraph, Annotation } from "@langchain/langgraph";

// Define the state
const State = Annotation.Root({
  // Define your state fields here
});

// Define the nodes
const nodeA = (state) => {
  // Node A logic
  return { /* state updates */ };
};

const nodeB = (state) => {
  // Node B logic
  return { /* state updates */ };

> };

Reviewer: needs to either be typed or inlined in the graph builder syntax
